** This feedback is auto-generated from an LLM **

Dear Student,

Thank you for your submission. Let's go through your work step-by-step and see where you're excelling and where there might be room for improvement.

Flink Job Analysis (homework_aggregate_ip_job.py):
5-Minute Sessionization:

You've implemented sessionization using a session window with a 5-minute gap, which meets the assignment's requirement. This is created using the Session.with_gap(lit(5).minutes) method. Well done!
Data Source and Sink:

The Flink job correctly reads from a Kafka source and writes to a PostgreSQL sink. Your use of environment variables for configuration is good practice for flexibility across different environments.
Consider removing unused imports or variables to clean the code.
Handling and Logging:

Proper error handling with logging is implemented, which is excellent for debugging and monitoring the Flink job.
Code Quality:

Overall, the code is well-structured and readable. Consider adding comments within complex logic sections to further aid understanding.
SQL Script Analysis (homework_aggregate_ip_job.sql):
Question 1 - Average Web Events on Tech Creator:

The SQL queries select sessions where the host matches %techcreator.io and calculates the average num_hits. However, using host LIKE '%techcreator.io' implies that more subdomains should be captured than just bootcamp.techcreator.io. Confirm that this aligns with your intentions.
Question 2 - Comparison Across Hosts:

Your queries for different hosts are consolidated effectively into one query for easier analysis. However, one query includes www.dataexpert.io as a host instead of zachwilson.tech, which was part of the requirements. Please correct this oversight.
SQL Quality:

The use of CAST(AVG(num_hits) AS INTEGER) and appropriate GROUP BY clauses to perform the required analysis is appropriate. Ensure comments in the script accurately describe findings from executing the SQL.
Sample Data:

Including sample data is helpful to verify the SQL queries, but ensure it accurately matches all queries needed for the requirements.
Testing and Documentation:
The submission lacks testing instructions and documentation. Ensure to include guidance so others can easily replicate your results, such as steps for setting up environment variables, how to trigger the Flink job from a terminal, and executing the SQL queries on PostgreSQL.
Overall Feedback:
You have demonstrated understanding and execution of fundamental sessionization using Flink. Correctly implementing the session window, reading from Kafka, and writing to a PostgreSQL database are great accomplishments. The SQL script largely fulfills the assignment requirements, though some host comparisons need corrections. Ensure your work includes testing instructions and is in line with given specifications.

Final Grade:
{
  "letter_grade": "B",
  "passes": true
}
Please make the necessary adjustments mentioned and consider expanding your documentation for better clarity. If you need any further assistance or if anything is unclear, feel free to reach out for clarification.

Best of luck, and keep up the hard work!