** This feedback is auto-generated from an LLM **

Hello, thank you for your submission. Let's go over each of your implemented tasks:

De-duplication Query:

Your query does a good job in using a ROW_NUMBER window function to remove duplicates based on player_id, game_id, and team_id. You effectively partitioned by these columns, which ensures correct duplication handling. You also included a primary key constraint for further de-duplication assurance.
Improvement: Consider adding comments explaining your use of ROW_NUMBER for de-duplication in the CTE section for clarity.
User Devices Activity Datelist DDL:

Your schema for user_devices_cumulated is mostly correct with a device_activity_datelist as an array of dates. You have cleanly defined the primary key.
Consideration: An alternative is to use a MAP<STRING, ARRAY<DATE>>, which can be more flexible if browser types vary greatly.
User Devices Activity Datelist Implementation:

The query correctly handles daily data accumulation and deduplication using a similar logic of ROW_NUMBER. The process of combining today's and yesterday's records with aggregation logic is implemented correctly.
Feedback: You could add more explanations for the logic used in accumulating device_activity_datelist, especially the array concatenation logic.
User Devices Activity Int Datelist:

There is a creative use of POW along with a subtraction approach to transform the date list into an integer representation. The unnest and aggregation logic is well done.
Caution: Ensure that your logic for using POW and subtraction to determine positions aligns with the business understanding as these transformations can influence reading the results.
Host Activity Datelist DDL:

The table definition is adequately structured and logically aligns with given requirements. The primary key definition is also appropriate.
Host Activity Datelist Implementation:

This section effectively builds on the logic used previously. The query correctly handles aggregation and cumulative logic for daily to monthly data. Outer joins are correctly used for continuity of data.
Great work: The integration of FULL OUTER JOIN is perfectly handled to manage new and existing records.
Reduced Host Fact Array DDL:

The schema is well-defined with considerations for various metrics and unique visitors appropriately captured in arrays. Primary key selection is sensible.
Suggestion: Although the metric column is text, consider defining a small set of possible metrics or ENUM to enforce data quality.
Reduced Host Fact Array Implementation:

The approach of using CTEs for organizing data and implementing aggregation logic for hits and unique visitors is commendable. The method of building arrays incrementally is logical and follows best practices.
Feedback: Clearly, explain array handling within your comments, especially the ARRAY_FILL logic for handling missing days — a deeper explanation can be helpful.
In conclusion, your submission effectively addresses several core concepts in fact data modeling, showcasing a robust understanding of SQL tactics. Your work is of high quality and your logic aligns well with expected outcomes. There are minor areas where further clarity in comments could enrich the understanding for other reviewers.

Here's your final grade:

{
  "letter_grade": "A",
  "passes": true
}
Great job! Keep up the excellent work.