** This feedback is auto-generated from an LLM **

To the student, here's my review of your submission. You've showcased a thoughtful approach and advanced understanding of PySpark and SparkSQL. Below are specific points based on the requirements and guidelines provided for your assignment:

Backfill Query Conversion:

PostgreSQL to SparkSQL Conversion: The queries in host_activity_cumulated_job.py and user_cumulated_job.py are well-translated into SparkSQL. Your approach in cumulating today's and yesterday's data aligns with the instructions and demonstrates an understanding of SQL transformations in Spark.
PySpark Job:

Implementation: The creation of do_user_cumulated_transformation and do_host_activity_cumulated_transformation functions in your jobs showcases your ability to implement business logic using SparkSQL.
Functionality: The jobs successfully compute the cumulative data for user and host activities. The use of common table expressions (CTEs) for transformation logic is commendable, allowing for clear and modular query construction.
Testing Coverage: Your jobs and transformations are designed to take parameters, making them flexible and reusable during test cases.
Tests:

Test Scenarios: The tests in test_host_activity_cumulated.py and test_user_cumulated.py adequately cover scenarios like empty cumulative tables and duplicate rows in today's data. These are critical edge cases that effectively test the transformations' correctness.
Assertions and Completeness: You have utilized the assert_df_equality() function to ensure the generated DataFrames meet expected results. This method is both effective and efficient for your tests.
Use of Fixtures: The conftest.py includes a pytest fixture to create a SparkSession that is shared across the tests, which is a best practice as it reduces overheads and maintains test isolation.
General Observations and Suggestions:

Your code is clean and follows Python and Spark best practices.
Consider including comments or docstrings for your transformation functions to better explain the purpose and logic for future reference or for developers who might work on this later.
Ensure variable naming in Shell Scripts or transformation logic (like query strings) communicates the value and purpose effectively.
Overall, your submission meets the requirements and showcases a strong understanding of data engineering principles using PySpark and SparkSQL. The implementation is efficient, and the tests provide necessary validation for your transformations.

FINAL GRADE:

{
  "letter_grade": "A",
  "passes": true
}
This grade reflects your adherence to best practices and the robust implementation of the assignment specifications. Well done!