** This feedback is auto-generated from an LLM **

Feedback on SQL Assignment:

DDL for Actors Table:

The DDL for the actors table is well-structured and follows the given requirements accurately.
The usage of custom types films and quality_class defines the table structure clearly.
Including current_year as part of the primary key along with actorid is appropriate, allowing for proper identification of actor records per year.
Cumulative Table Generation Query:

Your approach to populating the actors table incrementally by joining data from the previous year is well-executed.
The use of Common Table Expressions (CTEs) for organizing the query is effective and enhances readability.
The logic for calculating quality_class based on average ratings and determining is_active status is sound.
Consider optimizing the merging of film arrays with COALESCE and concatenation logic to ensure all edge cases are handled appropriately.
DDL for Actors History SCD Table:

The DDL for the actors_history_scd table correctly implements Type 2 SCD with start_date and end_date to track changes.
Using the actor's actorid and start_date as a composite primary key is appropriate for maintaining historical records.
Backfill Query for Actors History SCD:

The backfill query utilizes window functions effectively to detect changes in quality_class and is_active.
Generating streak identifiers and grouping to define periods with the same characteristics ensures comprehensive historical backfill.
Consider verifying the result set to ensure that all necessary historical data is correctly summarized in the final result.
Incremental Query for Actors History SCD:

The incremental query effectively combines last year’s SCD data with new incoming data, achieving a proper merge of records.
Your handling of unchanged, changed, and new records is systematic and covers the possible scenarios in the data.
Reflect on the performance implications of these operations if applied to a larger dataset to ensure scalability and efficiency.
Overall Comments:

Your work showcases a solid understanding of the requirements and sound SQL proficiency.
The use of CTEs for breaking down complex logic is commendable.
Ensure your queries are well-optimized for performance, especially with significantly large datasets.
Additionally, test your queries with multiple edge cases to further solidify their reliability.
FINAL GRADE:

{
  "letter_grade": "A",
  "passes": true
}
Great job! Your consistent execution of assignment tasks and adherence to the rubric requirements reflects a strong command of SQL and data modeling concepts.